## Wordle Solver

The aim is to make an algorithm that solves wordle in a pretty optimal way, it need not be the most optimal way. And after that develop an interface that interacts directly with the new york times wordle puzzle and solve it.

The word list I am using if from 'dracos' from his [GitHub Gist](https://gist.github.com/dracos/dd0668f281e685bad51479e5acaadb93). I know that the OG Wordle guys had released the list according to [Matt Parker's Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_-AfhLQfb6w) on this topic, but I have not personally verified the claim, but from my trial and error tries, all the words work on the New York Times Wordle.

I checked the claim, and as my final aim is indeed to work with new york times, the list I am using is fine. But the OG Wordle has a different system with Matt Parker had pointed out. So the OG used 2 lists, total over 14000 words where the 1st list were list of words you could use to guess the final word, while the second list is from where you get the answer words out of. It seems to help make the final solution more appealing and easier. But NY doesn't have a unique list and the latest word list that I added to the project is already 14,000 long. Thus less easy to optimise.

Thus I will try to have 2 version of my wordle_implementation - the OG version and the latest NY version, as the NY version word list doesn't provide the answer word list, thus the implementation doesn't give a satisfactory result. The OG version word list provided via ['cfreshman' gist](https://gist.github.com/cfreshman/cdcdf777450c5b5301e439061d29694c) and I guess I will make the ny version my preference as that is what I really care about, and also due to the breath of words. Also seeing if you can narrow the words down completely and if not what the probability. Also to make a good algorithm I could use the OG's allowed list as a prefered word list if there exists multiple words, as the end result usually would be a good answer rather than being an obsure word.